[Docs] Add documentation for the AgGrid (#324)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/custom-tables.md

> # How to create custom Dash Datatables and Dash AG Grids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to create custom Dash DataTables and Dash AG Grids
```

> In case that the available arguments for the [`AgGrid`][vizro.models.AgGrid] or [`Table`][vizro.models.Table] models are not sufficient,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In cases where the available arguments for the [`AgGrid`][vizro.models.AgGrid] or [`Table`][vizro.models.Table] models are not sufficient,
```

> there is always the possibility to create a custom Dash AG Grid or Dash DataTable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you can create a custom Dash AG Grid or Dash DataTable.
```

> One reason could be that you want to create a table/grid that requires computations that can be controlled by parameters (see below example).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One reason could be that you want to create a table/grid that requires computations that can be controlled by parameters (see the example below).
```

For this, similar to how one would create a [custom chart](../user-guides/custom-charts.md), simply do the following:

> - define a function that returns a `dash_ag_grid.AgGrid` or `dash_table.DataTable` object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Define a function that returns a `dash_ag_grid.AgGrid` or `dash_table.DataTable` object.
```

Reviewer 2: I have simplified the Kedro docs guide for Vizro docs when it comes to bullets. It would be ideal to have lower case start and no period (when not a full sentence) but then there are cases where bullets contain two sentences, and it all gets inconsistent. So I've suggested all bullets start with a capital and end with a period. Where this isn't the case already in docs, I'll fix as I go through or we can do them as we update docs for other reeasons.

> - decorate it with the `@capture("ag_grid")` or `@capture("table")` decorator respectively

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Decorate it with the `@capture("ag_grid")` or `@capture("table")` decorator respectively.
```

> - the function must accept a `data_frame` argument (of type `pandas.DataFrame`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The function must accept a `data_frame` argument (of type `pandas.DataFrame`).
```

> - the function must accept a `data_frame` argument (of type `pandas.DataFrame`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The function must accept a `data_frame` argument (of type `pandas.DataFrame`).
```

> - the table should be derived from and require only one `pandas.DataFrame` (e.g. any further dataframes added through other arguments will not react to dashboard components such as `Filter`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The table should be derived from and require only one `pandas.DataFrame` (e.g. any further dataframes added through other arguments will not react to dashboard components such as `Filter`).
```

> The following example shows a possible version of a custom table. In this case the argument `chosen_columns` was added, which you can control with a parameter:

Reviewer: I think ideally yes, but I'm not worried about it being in this PR - we can do it later. I would also swap the order you're mentioning `DataTable` and `AgGrid` throughout the page (e.g. the heading and the above bullet points) since AG Grid is now the primary implementation.

> The following example shows a possible version of a custom table. In this case the argument `chosen_columns` was added, which you can control with a parameter:

Author: Exactly, but in order to speed things up here let's focus on this on another PR. I swapped the order of mention though
